Here's my current TODO list.

*) Security hooks.
   None exists yet. Keys can be set with unix-style uid/gid/mode
   permissions, but they are not honored yet. I would like to extend it to
   handle DCE style permissions.

   Really waiting on some sort of security access manager object to hook
   into.

*) Key Caching.
   Needs work. Right now we use a simple STL hash map which gives decent
   performance, but we should do things such as read-ahead caching like
   filesystems do and cache offsets as well as keynames. The caching
   should also be moved to functions in class Db.

*) Compress Routines.
   Right now, deleted keys aren't really deleted. They are simply marked
   deleted. At set invervals, the Registrar should run a compress routine
   which cleans up any deleted keys.

*) /tmp needs cleaning.
   The /tmp/ tree should be discarded every startup, or possibly some
   sort of aging routines so keys can be set to expire after a certain
   time.

*) Checking routines.
   There isn't any code which will handle database corruptions... Then
   again, the database should never corrupt unless your hardware/OS is
   hosed. :)

*) Backup routines.
   We need to backup the database at given intervals.

*) Links.
   Symbolic Links are currently not handled.

*) Key Locking.
   Key locking is currently not implemented, but the functions
   exist. Basically, a key should be able to be locked so that no other
   service can write to it until unlocked.

*) Key watching.
   A program should be able to register itself to watch a key for any
   changes.

*) Virtual Database Interface.
   Similar to the Virtual File System Interface in modern OS's, the
   Virtual Database Interface would be an abstraction layer between
   the registrar server and the database routines. This would allow
   plugging in things such as a full scale SQL server.

*) XML Export.
   The XML export program is a bit crude and the output isn't
   really standard, then again... with XML, nothing is all that
   standard. Never the less, it would be nice to have something
   cleaner.

If you have any questions, comments, complaints, suggestions, rantings,
or ravings, mail me.

--
Jordan Mendelson <jordy@wserv.com>
